How to play:

Quests:<s>

Quests are the best way to earn silver, experience, and legendary weapons. There are two ways to find and accept a quest.

1. Any NPC (non-playing character) with a pulsing golden exclamation mark above their head has a quest to give you. 

2. Quest Log: The quest log is an easy and convenient way for you to keep track of available and accepted quests.  Though you cannot accept a quest directly from the quest log, Ruby/Adriana will lead you to the proper NPC via the visit button.

You can also utilize the Quest Log to keep track of which quests are still in progress. By clicking on the quest name, the Log will expand and display which tasks you have yet to complete for the Quest. For your convenience, we’ve added a “Visit” button next to each task name to bring you to each respective task. 

Tasks:<s>

Tasks are the actions you perform on NPC buildings and players. Only the best weapons can be found through completing tasks. 

Enemies:<s>

Besides completing Quests and Tasks, you can also earn silver and experience through battling enemies all around the world. If you perform the battle flawlessly by dealing “max” damage every time, you have chance of stealing equipment from your foe.

Each battle costs 1 stamina point. You can find enemies in both quest cities (i.e. Kirin Village) and the enemy map located in the Aviary.

Leveling Up – Skill Points:<s>

Who doesn’t like getting stronger? For your hard work, you are rewarded 3 skill points to allocate into 5 different attributes: attack, defense, energy, stamina, and health.

1. Attack points will increase the damage you deal to your foes in battle.
2. Defense points will decrease the damage you take in battle.
3. Energy points will allow you to complete more Quests and Tasks.
4. Stamina points will increase the number of times you may attack another player.
5. Health points increase your survivability in battle.

FAQ:

General:<s>

How long does it take to refill Energy and Stamina?
A point of energy and stamina is refilled every 3 and 4 minutes respectively. 

How do I know who attacked me?
You can find out who attacked you by utilizing your Activity Feed. You can access this feed via your Face Dial in the top left hand corner of the screen. 

How do I find my referral code?
You can access your referral code via the profile tab in your Face Dial. Currently, the referral code does not serve a purpose but in the future, it will serve to identify your character.

How do I get more skill points? Where do I allocate them?
Your character is rewarded 3 skill points at every level up, and they can be spent in your user profile located in the Face Dial. 

Battles:<s>

How do I calculate my damage output?
Because we are always working on balancing the game, we have chosen not to disclose our algorithm. With this said, the formula will always be a function of your attack points and your aggregate equipment stats. 

How do I change my equipment?
You can view and change your equipment via the Profile tab in your Face Dial. 

How come I have a loss on my record if I fled?
Much like real combat, if you flee from a battle, you’re considered the loser. 

Are there any consequences to fleeing?
Cowardice is never rewarded. Though there is no direct consequence in our beta, we plan on rewarding players with high win/low flee percentages with special gear for their courage.

Marketplace:<s>

Why should I use the marketplace?
The marketplace is the most efficient way to sell your items. To maximize your return on investment on purchased weapons, the marketplace essentially allows you to “return” your weapon, selling them to other players at essentially the price you had bought it for.

Why can’t I post my items on the marketplace?
Selling in the marketplace requires a merchant’s license. You can buy a 3-day pass or a 1-month pass directly from the marketplace.

I just sold an item, but I haven’t received my payment yet! Where is it?
Much in the same way real auction houses work, the marketplace safely holds the buyers payment for you to collect on your next arrival at the marketplace.

Why can’t I retract my items?
Withdrawing an item from the marketplace incurs a 10% fee of its desired asking price. If you cannot withdraw your item, it is highly likely you do not possess enough silver/gold to retract the weapon. The reason why we do this is to prevent users from polluting the marketplace with either 1) common weapons or 2) rare weapons they don’t want stolen in battle.

Is there a tax on every item sold in the marketplace? Why?
Yes, there is a 30% sales tax on every item sold in the marketplace. By integrating the first P2P (Peer-to-Peer) marketplace, we’ve opened up an economy that requires us tax our users’ purchases to prevent inflation on the value of silver and gold.

For example, the value of silver constantly decreases as more silver is in circulation through the completion of tasks, quests, and battles. To preserve the value of your gold and silver, such measurements have to be put in place.

Don’t see an answer to your question? Press the contact button and write, “Marketplace” in the subject line.

Armory:<s>

Do the color of the item names signify anything?
Yes! Lost Nations ranks the rarity of items by color. They are as follows:

White = Common
Green = Uncommon
Blue = Rare
Purple = Epic
Orange = Legendary

Why can’t I buy epic items?
Though rare weapons can be bought with gold to gain an advantage over other players, we believe that the best weapons should be rewarded only to the players who dedicate the most time to Lost Nations. For this reason, epic weapons can only be found through the completion of tasks and bosses.

Can I sell my weapons back to the Armory?
The armory prides itself as a retailer of high quality goods, and tries not to accept returns and second-hand goods. With this said, the armory will reluctantly accept back items for 15% of their original sale price. 

Wait… I’m a warrior, but I can’t see any bows or wands in the Armory! Why?
Though amulets are universal, each class (warrior, archer, mage) can only see and use their own respective weapons and armor in the armory. Because of this, you can only sell items that belong to another class in the marketplace.

Carpenter:<s>

Do buildings purchased with gold produce gold?
Much like buildings bought with silver, buildings bought with gold produce silver, but at a much better rate. This may mean that it exponentially produces more silver in a shorter duration, or a whole mountain of silver over a long period of time! 

Do I have to collect the income from my buildings once it’s matured or will it continue to accrue over time?
Your income buildings will not continue to generate income if you have not yet collected from it once it’s matured. In other words, if there is a coin icon above the building, the building will no longer generate income until it has been collected from. Because of this, it is advantageous to collect as often as possible to maximize your returns.

How many buildings can I build or upgrade at once?
You can only upgrade or build new buildings one at a time.

I’m running out of space! Can I expand my city?
Not yet, but we’re working hard at implementing our expansion feature that will allow you to purchase more city space.
